CMake: Add memap table (#13695)
ARMmbed/mbed-os: CMakeLists.txt

        VERBATIM
    )
endfunction()

#

> # Parse toolchain generated map file for this `target` and display readable table format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Parse toolchain generated map file of `target` and display a readable table format.
```

#

> function(mbed_parse_map_file target)

Reviewer: The function does more than just parsing.
```suggestion
function(mbed_generate_map_file target)
```

    if(MBED_GENERATE_MAP_TABLE)
        find_package (Python3)

>         add_custom_command(
>             TARGET ${target} POST_BUILD
>             COMMAND ${Python3_EXECUTABLE} ${MBED_ROOT}/tools/memap.py -t ${MBED_TOOLCHAIN} -d 4 ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/${target}${CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX}.map
>             WORKING_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}
>             COMMENT "Displaying memory map for ${target}")

Reviewer: The indentation style used to improve readability is:
```suggestion
        add_custom_command(
            TARGET
                ${target}
            POST_BUILD
                COMMAND ${Python3_EXECUTABLE} ${MBED_ROOT}/tools/memap.py -t ${MBED_TOOLCHAIN} -d 4 ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}/${target}${CMAKE_EXECUTABLE_SUFFIX}.map
            WORKING_DIRECTORY
                ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR}
            COMMENT
                "Displaying memory map for ${target}"
)
```
